today's video I wanted to do a small
video on contouring my cheeks it's
really funny but you know whenever I
meet people in real life and they've
seen me on my blog or on my channel the
others need can be like oh you're so
thin you don't look that thin hood
camera and that's probably because I
have like a I don't know Wilder face I
guess but anytime you know I am taking a
selfie or
you know I'm using one of my Instagram
filters I'm always like my face was on
an angle so I get like a slimmer looking
sale but in case you don't want to do
all of that and you want more sculpted
cheekbones then this might help though a
disclaimer is probably not the most
correct way to kind of contour and stuff
it's a very easy layman's basic way that
I use and it's kind of easy for me to
know where to apply the contour because
contouring is actually one of the
hardest things we'll make up at least I
find is one of the hardest things to do
so this is like a quick and easy trick
for that
so the first thing I wanna do is use a
blush now in most contouring tutorial -
the problem with a bronzer first but I
just find it easier this way because my
glass gives me guidance as to where I
want to put my bronzer so I'm just gonna
use Mac dolly make splash and I'm going
to use my blush brush and apply a blush
on the apples of my cheeks so I just
smile and then these apples of my cheeks
that pop up I start my blush from that
going towards my temper
so now that your life is done I'm gonna
use the bronzer that I use which is it's
actually not a bronzer it is the NYX
steam matte but not flat foundation
powder and I actually got this in a very
dark color so it kind of works as a
bronzer is actually supposed to be a
foundation so I'm gonna use my angled
brush for my bronzer which is from
whoever this is the one to six cheek
finished blush and sorry cheek finished
brush not blush so the reason I put my
blush first is that wherever my blush
ends that's kind of a guideline for me
to apply bronzer start applying ones are
there otherwise when I apply my bronzer
first I kind of get confused as to where
I'm supposed to apply it so I'm gonna
dip this in this for a little bit
tap off the excess and just use this
guideline to apply a bronzer in almost
like this sort of a triangular shape
and if you look closely you'll see that
this chick has got just a slight contour
over here on and is looking a little bit
more cultured than this one and kind of
exemplify that effect I'll take my
highlighter so taking my Bobbi Brown
shimmer brick I'm just going to take a
slightly smaller brush is actually the
two 170 lightening brush and kind of
just on the top part which is the
highlighting part of the pillow
make sure enough highlighter on my
blending brush and then I'm going to
just feel the kind of the bone over here
and see how it you know it comes over my
cheek bone and in a c-shape apply my
highlighter
and if you look closely you'll see a
subtle shine on this cheek versus this
cheek which kind of makes the apples of
the cheek pop and I kind of do the same
thing now on this side of
and that's it guys it's really simple
all you need is a plush bronzer and a
highlighter and in case you don't want
to go out and buy bronzer and you know
you're not really gonna use it that much
then either try a dark blush like for me
sometimes I use Mac each twist as a
bronzer or if you've ordered a wrong
foundation powder or something that can
work really well as bronzer which is
what I used in this case
but anyways do try it and let me know
how it went or leave a video response to
this and I'll check it out and hope you
guys like this video see you guys